[Music]
what do cinnamon rolls a rose garden and
fresh linen have in common that's right
they all smell so good you can't get
enough of that aroma the good news is
your house can smell just as dreaming if
you follow some simple tips in other
words if you close your eyes sniff
around and you can't tell the difference
between your armpits in your house then
you should do these things clear enough
okay what take good care of the trash
can the trash can is obviously one of
the biggest sources of stinky odor but
just taking the trash outside isn't
enough before you put a new empty bag
inside the can clean it well because the
can itself accumulates smells that stick
around throw away any remnants of waste
that stick to the can on the inside
rinse the can with a garden hose wipe it
with paper towels or old rags spray it
on the inside with an all-purpose
cleaner scrub it well and rinse again
then you can put a new trash bag inside
to use dryer sheets as a deodorant
everybody loves the smell of fresh linen
but not everybody knows that the dryer
sheets can work for other purposes as
well place them in shoe closets musty
areas trash cans and gym bags
the sheets will soak up the odor 3
spread the aroma through the vents
another tip with dryer sheets that works
like magic put a few of them behind the
vents in every room presto the
circulating air will carry the aroma of
freshness around your house be sure to
put in new sheets once every few weeks
as the air dries them out for clean the
carpet if you have carpet and just
vacuumed it every once in a while don't
be surprised if it becomes stinky at
some point this is especially true if
you have pets that like to mark the
carpet as their territory they chase
away bacteria that accumulates in the
carpet
get rid of urine smells rub the carpet
with a vinegar and water mix 1 part
vinegar 3 parts water with a cloth then
rinse it well with water 5 onions too
fresh in your basement you know that
moldy odor that sets in your basement
after a heavy rain and never goes away
you can fight it with onions slice 1
right down the middle and drop it in the
basement for the night when you check it
the next morning you won't recognize the
place or rather its smell 6 combat mold
for good
unfortunately mold doesn't only live in
your basement but can visit any damp
area of your house like the shower
bathroom tile sinks and so on when
effective solution against it is mixing
one cup bleach with one gallon of water
in a bucket and spreading the mix onto
the affected areas with a stiff bristled
brush don't forget to put rubber gloves
on before you do it and open the windows
to get some fresh air a rinse the area
with a sponge when you're finished 7 no
more stinky sneakers your favorite
sneakers can make the whole closet stink
but that's no reason to throw them away
instead try sprinkling baking soda
inside them and leave it overnight
the next morning remove the powder and
enjoy your nice fresh shoots 8 take care
of the washing machine the gadget that
keeps your clothes clean needs a good
cleaning itself the air hardly ever gets
passed it's well sealed door so mold and
mildew often grow inside spreading their
odour to the laundry room to solve this
issue just run a cycle with a cup or two
of bleach and warm water from time to
time and when you're not using it leave
the lid open if you can
9 start your own spa I'm not suggesting
that you invest in a spa business you
can just fill your bathroom with
spa-like smells and sensations tie some
strong fragrant herbs like lemon balm
thyme or rosemary in the far corner of
the shower to keep them away from water
the steam coming from the hot shower
will activate the essential oils in them
and the aroma will spread all over the
place 10 keep the toilets shiny clean
another obvious stinky source is the
toilet vinegar will help you combat that
pour 1 cup inside and spray the seat and
the outsides with it as well leave it
for 5 minutes then scrub the inside with
a toilet brush and wipe the outside
using paper towels flush the toilet to
make sure all the debris from scrubbing
are gone 11 let it raw here's one cool
tip for the toilet paper roll sprinkle
the cardboard inside it with a few drops
of your favorite essential oil you can
also do the same with the walls that are
waiting to be used whenever you rip off
a piece of toilet paper in the future
the essential oil smell will come out
and deodorize the room 12 lemons for
your garbage disposal to keep your
garbage disposal from smelling like
total trash drop a sliced lemon lime or
an orange in it when it's running
if the citrus doesn't work try something
even stronger pour half a cup of white
vinegar and cold water inside
13 wash away dishwasher smell white
vinegar works its magic on many
appliances including the dishwasher pour
it in a dishwasher safe cup put it on
the top rack and turn it on a full cycle
not adding any other dishes you can also
try pouring 2 cups of vinegar straight
into the bottom of the dishwasher it'll
smell like vinegar for about an hour
afterwards but the bad smells will be
gone too so it's worth it
14 baking soda for the fridge your
fridge accumulates all sorts of smells
from the food inside baking soda with
its unique chemical properties will help
to absorb them and make it smell neutral
put an open box of it on the shelf or in
the back and keep it there change it
once a year 15 make use of coffee
grounds the coffee aroma is so strong
it'll take over any unpleasant stinking
in your fridge stuff a nylon stocking
with coffee grounds and keep it in the
back of the fridge for a natural
deodorizing effect 16 vanilla extract in
your freezer to fix the odor problems in
your ice box
swipe it on the inside with a cotton
ball soaked in vanilla extract it's an
instant fix for leftover meat stinking
[Music]
17 chase away the smell of fried fish if
you like to fry things and add spices to
your cooking often just opening the
kitchen window won't chase away that
smell for good it basically gets
ingrained in your kitchen cabinets for
an instant fix boil a cup of vinegar on
the stove right after cooking something
hot and spicy it'll release its vapors
to combat the stinking
[Music]
18 use citrus power to make your kitchen
or the entire house smell like a citrus
garden use orange peels dry them
overnight then boil five or six of them
in a pot of water with the lid off for a
couple of hours you can also add any
spice as you like cinnamon for example
has a super strong and pleasant aroma
ginger basil allspice cranberries and
cloves also work just fine if you have a
gas stove you can just burn an orange
peel over it for an instant effect 19
clean the microwave to make the
microwave smell like new with basically
no effort drop a sponge or rag you use
to do the dishes soaked in dishwater
inside and turn it on for about five
minutes the steam will work its magic
inside the microwaves once you're done
you can also wipe it down on the inside
with the same sponge just let it cool
off first 20 get some houseplants
they not only make your house look
greener but purify the air snake plants
English ivy lady palms scented geraniums
and Arabian Jasmine's are the most
effective at this job 21 take care of
the kitty litter box activated charcoal
will help you solve the stinky kitty
litter problem it's naturally great at
absorbing odors especially those
produced by pets you can make a charcoal
filter by putting it in cheesecloth and
setting it on or near the litter box or
simply set it in a small bowl by the
litter box if you don't have any little
kids they can play with it so how about
you do you have your own tips to make
your house smell like a dream instead of
a nightmare let me know down in the
comments if you learned something new
today then give this video a like and
share with a friend but hey don't go
freshening your abode just yet we have
over 2,000 cool videos for you to check
out all you have to do is pick the left
or right video click on it and enjoy
stay on the bro
side of life